AST-1473 - Applying content-background option to backgrounds of full with (contained+stertched) layouts (#3883)
brainstormforce/astra: changelog.txt

v3.8.0(Unreleased)

> - Improvement: Site Background is applying as background-CSS for Full-Width Contained/Stretched layouts instead of Content Background.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improvement: Site Background will be applied as background CSS for Full-Width Contained/Stretched layouts instead of Content Background.
```
